# Methodology

CPU, No filter, setTimeout

## Compute myKernelImg

myKernelImg took 24 ms
renderLoop took 30 ms
myKernelImg took 44 ms
renderLoop took 55 ms
myKernelImg took 36 ms
renderLoop took 40 ms
myKernelImg took 25 ms
renderLoop took 30 ms
myKernelImg took 24 ms
renderLoop took 32 ms
myKernelImg took 45 ms
renderLoop took 54 ms
myKernelImg took 39 ms
renderLoop took 48 ms
myKernelImg took 26 ms
renderLoop took 33 ms
myKernelImg took 27 ms
renderLoop took 32 ms
myKernelImg took 51 ms
renderLoop took 60 ms

Average:
- renderLoop: 41.4 ms
- myKernelImg: 34.1 ms

## No compute myKernelImg

renderLoop took 36 ms
renderLoop took 23 ms
renderLoop took 22 ms
renderLoop took 22 ms
renderLoop took 44 ms
renderLoop took 43 ms
renderLoop took 27 ms
renderLoop took 22 ms
renderLoop took 22 ms
renderLoop took 51 ms

Average:

- renderLoop: 31.2 ms
